shoham.at, avikupinsky
Shoham Atia (201277605), Avi Kupinsky (318336070)
EX: 5

FILES:
sockets.cpp - the source file for the sockets executable. Based on command line arguments will run either a client or
    server at a port given at the command line argument.
container.cpp - the source file for the container executable. Constructs a container and runs a program within the
    container.
Makefile - makefile to create the two executables - sockets and container and to create a tar for the exercise.
README - this file.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
QUESTIONS:
1. One use of Linux pid namespaces could be to preform an operation on multiple processes under the same container, for
example, one can suspend all the processes of a cs user when he / she turns off a computer in the computer farm and
migrate them to another computer in the computer farm with the same IDs and resume their run.
2. We can use Linux mount namespaces in order to help isolate by making it appear to the processes under a namespace
that as if their root directory is a different one then the actual root directory.
3. One possible use of Linux cgroups is to limit and monitor various resources for processes in a namespace, for
example, one can limit the number of processes that can be crated in the namespace.
4. The clone command is used to crate a child process of the calling process that is, a new duplicated process. the
difference between this command and the fork command is that the clone command allows more control over what the new
process and the current one will share compared to the fork command. for example using the clone command we could assign
the new process a different namespace, files and signal handlers.
5. the chroot command changes the root directory of the calling process.
6. procfs is a virtual file system that is used inorder to keep track of the running processes and is used to
communicate between the kernel space and the user space.
